Docs Recontextualization & URL Adjustments for Plugins -> Integrations Library (#4494)
hashicorp/waypoint: website/content/docs/lifecycle/build.mdx

Waypoint includes these builtin plugins to build a Docker image for your app.

- [Docker Build](/waypoint/integrations/hashicorp/docker/latest/components/builder)
- [Docker Pull Build](/waypoint/integrations/hashicorp/docker-pull/latest/components/builder)
- [Cloud Native Buildpacks](/waypoint/integrations/hashicorp/pack)

> You can also create a [plugin](/waypoint/integrations) to extend Waypoint with your own builder.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also create a [plugin](/waypoint/docs/plugins) to extend Waypoint with your own builder.
```
